propose a Pull Request template (#162)
mozilla-lockbox/lockbox-android: docs/pull_request_template.md

Fixes #???

_(**Required**: this reference (one or many) will be closed upon merge. Ideally it has the acceptance criteria and designs for features or fixes related to the work in this Pull Request.)_

Connected to #???

_(Optional: other issues or pull requests related to this, but merging should not close it)_

## Testing and Review Notes

_(**Required**: steps to take to confirm this works as expected or other guidance for code, UX, and any other reviewers)_

## Screenshots or Videos

_(Optional: to clearly demonstrate the feature or fix to help with testing and reviews)_

## To Do

- Add “WIP” to the PR title if pushing up but not complete nor ready for review
- [ ] double check the original issue to confirm it is fully satisfied
- [ ] add testing notes and screenshots in PR description to help guide reviewers
- [ ] add unit tests
  - optional: consider adding instrumentation (integration/UI) tests
- [ ] request the "UX" team perform a design review (if/when applicable)

> - [ ] make sure tests are passing (e.g.: fix lint and other errors)

Reviewer: Instead of primary focus on tests, talk about the whole build
 ```suggestion
- [ ] make sure CI builds are passing (e.g.: fix lint and other errors)
```
